---
layout: post
title: Resolute To Slow Down Time
---

2016 flew by so quickly and now I'm sitting here, with a week of 2017 already under my belt, wondering when time will ever slow down. I guess its true what they say that the older we get, the faster time slips through our fingers. With that said, I decided that I would take each Sunday of 2017 to reflect on my week. I wouldn't call it a resolution (I don't believe in those), rather I think its a befitting way to reflect on what I've accomplished, stay on track with my goals and make sure I'm still streamlined for total world domination. But seriously, 2016 really was a blur and I'd like to have some recollection of how my year went come December 31, 2017.  

So how has 2017 started so far? Sick and wet. I've spent the past five days trudging through the madness of work, trying to study and decipher through difficult code, all while dealing with a lovely cold that took me down for the count. In addition, my city has been under siege to winter storms - snow and rain - causing massive road blocks getting to work (thank goodness for the ability to work from home). 

The past few weeks I've been working on my new Bloc app - Bloc Chat. Bloc Chat allows me to add chat rooms and store them through a Firebase database. This week I've been working on setting a username where the app checks for cookies and allows the user to enter a username before entering the chatroom (side note: Bloc Chat reminds me of when I was a kid spending hours at my friend's house on AOL Chat, making up random profiles). With the Bloc Chat app I've been diving deep into AngularJS and Bootstrap, which has been a trial and error learning process. This section is the pinnacle of front-end development so its been very difficult to say the least. Bloc doesn't give you much direction and expects you to do your own research to accomplish the checkpoint. Its consisted of a lot of google searches, watching tutorials and feeling defeated (i.e. I spent three hours trying to fix a function when I realized it was a misplaced bracket). But with the help of my very helpful mentor, I got the username up and running today - phew! I have one more section to go before I'm on my way to back end.

For my professional job, sunshine is in my future. I'm headed to Phoenix tomorrow for a week long conference we're hosting. Last week was full of rushing, panic and trying to catch up from the holiday break - did I mention I was sick? I always feel a sense of anxiety when I have to travel for work, but I'm hoping everything will run smooth this upcoming week. Luckily, I was able to work on my photoshop skills to assemble our staff apprecation slide show, learned more about HTML coding for email signatures and caught up on general day to day tasks. 

This upcoming week my mentor suggested I freeze my Bloc account so that I don't fall behind on my work during my travels. I'm really appreciative of this since I still have one more checkpoint to complete with my Bloc Chat and I'd like some down time to catch up on tutorials. Hopefully I'll be able to make some leeway this week in between the conference madness - stay tuned! 

Cheers!